Update pipeline task release notes v7.0.0 and v6.4.0 (#836)
Azure/AppConfiguration: releaseNotes/AzureDevOpsPipelineExtension.md

![sample](pictures/AzureDevOpsExtensionVersionSample.PNG)

### v7.0.0 - November, 20 2023
**Breaking changes**

>   - Updated to fail task when it encounters multiline secrets.

Reviewer: Updated to fail the task if any Key Vault references cannot be resolved or if the resolved values are invalid to be set as the pipeline secret.

Author: Updated

Reviewer: Updated to fail **the** task if any Key Vault references cannot be resolved or if the resolved values are invalid to be set as the pipeline secret.

Author: Updated

> * Added capability to optionally treat key vault resolution errors as warnings.

Reviewer: Added an option to treat Key Vault reference resolution errors as warnings.

Author: Updated

Reviewer: Added an option to treat Key Vault **reference** resolution errors as warnings.

>   - Updated to fail the task if any Key Vault references cannot be resolved or if the resolved values are invalid to be set as the pipeline secret.

Reviewer 2: Ideally when we call out a breaking change, we inform how to work around it. In this case the user needs to enable the option to treat key vault errors as warnings.

Author: That's a good point. I have also added more information on a workaround, let me know if thats okay

> * Added an option to treat Key Vault resolution errors as warnings.

Reviewer 2: It doesn't seem like the new option we've added is a breaking change. In that case it should be under a different header than "Breaking changes"

Author: I have added another header **Enhancement** let me know if thats okay

![sample](pictures/AzureDevOpsExtensionVersionSample.PNG)

### v7.0.0 - November, 20 2023
**Breaking changes**

>   - Updated to fail the task if any Key Vault references cannot be resolved or if the resolved values are invalid to be set as the pipeline secret. To avoid failing the task due to Key Vault errors, you can enable the option to treat these errors as warnings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Updated to fail the task if any Key Vault references cannot be resolved or if the resolved values are unable to be set as a pipeline secret. To avoid failing the task due to Key Vault errors, you can enable the new option to treat these errors as warnings detailed below.
```
